Dear colleague,

Please consider the attached manuscript titled "Criterial Learning Depends on
Procedural Mechanisms" for publication in JEP:General. In it, we show that even
the most basic task grounded in declarative memory may rely on associative
mechanisms. This finding requires us to reevaluate current conceptions of the
boundaries between purported procedural versus declarative tasks. Our methods
are a combination of behavioral experiments and computational modeling. Thus, we
hope researchers from many subfields will enjoy our paper, including category
learning, reinforcement learning, general memory systems, decision making, and
computational modeling.

We believe the following reviewers are very well qualified to evaluate the
various aspects of our paper:

- Todd Maddox <wtoddmaddox@gmail.com>
Todd is an expert in category learning, and is one of the most prolific writers
and collaborators in the field. The breadth of his research interests, and
success in publishing in many of the fields likely to be impacted by our paper
make him an excellent candidate reviewer.

- Sebastien Helie <shelie@purdue.edu>
Sebastien is also an expert in category learning, and is also very well versed
as a computational modeler. In fact, he has recently published a model of
rule-based criterial learning (see reference below). Thus, he would be an
excellent reviewer for our paper.

Helie, S., Ell, S.W., Filoteo, J.V., & Maddox, W. T. (2015). Criterion learning
in rule-based categorization: Simulation of neural mechanism and new data. Brain
and Cognition, 95, 19-34.

- Nathaniel Daw <ndaw@princeton.edu>
Nathaniel is a leading researcher in reinforcement learning and decision making
using computational models similar to those developed here. He has little
background in category learning, but is deeply familiar with the multiple memory
systems framework that forms the backbone of our hypotheses. He would be an
excellent reviewer.

Thank you for your time, and we hope you will consider our paper for publication
in JEP: General.

Sincerely,

Matthew J. Crossley, PhD
Benjamin O. Turner, PhD 
F. Gregory Ashby, PhD
